[docs] Access control guidelines: reserve single-character keys (#1421)
Haivision/srt: docs/AccessControl.md

**Note!** `srt_listen_callback(...)` can't check the passphrase directly for security reasons. 
The only way to make the app check the passphrase is to set the passphrase on the socket by using the `SRTO_PASSPHRASE` option. This lets SRT to reject connection on mismatch.

## Character Encoding

The Stream ID uses UTF-8 encoding.

## General Syntax

This recommended syntax starts with the characters known as an executable
specification in POSIX: `#!`.

The next two characters are:

- `:` - this marks the YAML format, the only one currently used
- The content format, which is either:
  - `:` - the comma-separated keys with no nesting
  - `{` - like above, but nesting is allowed and must end with `}`

(Nesting means that you can have multiple level brace-enclosed parts inside.)

The form of the key-value pair is:

```js
key1=value1,key2=value2...
```

## Standard Keys

Beside the general syntax, there are several top-level keys treated as standard

> keys.

Reviewer: This text would be rich-formatted as a continuous text. Use either explicit extra line for paragraph split, or join whole text into one paragraph, was that intended.

Author: Fixed (as one paragraph).

The form of the key-value pair is:

```js
key1=value1,key2=value2...
```

## Standard Keys

Beside the general syntax, there are several top-level keys treated as standard

> keys.
> All single letter key definitions, including those not listed in this section,
> are reserved for the future use.
> Users can additionally use custom key definitions with `user_*` or `companyname_*` prefixes,
> where `user` and `companyname` are to be replaces with either user or company name.
> 
> The existing key values must not be extended, and must not differ from those described in this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
keys.
All single letter key definitions, including those not listed in this section,
are reserved for future use.
Users can additionally use custom key definitions with `user_*` or `companyname_*` prefixes,
where `user` and `companyname` are to be replaced with an actual user or company name.

The existing key values must not be extended, and must not differ from those described in this section.
```
